sesame salt roasted sea bass came to
mind I know it's a little bit pricey the
sea bass but well worth investing in
because you end up with something which
is really quite stunning now what you
get is a beautiful soft delicate face
that shet absolutely love chefs love
this type of fish because it just
absorbs flavors magnificent later look
at it
lovely slightly slimy still beautifully
fresh a little bit that's it really just
brush that all over it's doing that is
good good coat of oil take your knife
and then were going to make some cuts
into our fish here all right all the way
through what you want to do is really
cut all the way down so that's going to
help it to cook and it would also help
with presentation later on then that's
going to be followed by some sesame
seeds we've got here and which is gonna
sprinkle that make sure that you have
not little cavities there and sesame
seeds really penetrate in there because
they do release their or of all nuts
have oil blowing out ears then pop that
into your oven that's 200 degrees
centigrade gas mark 6 for about 25
minutes reaches the edge there until
that's cooked that's perfect my Tara
it's going to look fabulous and as I say
it's about 25 minutes in there no more
than that and you can see it's gonna
split open and all those lovely paws
that there's little slits that I put in
there just gonna open up and it's going
to absorb all these wonderful flavors
I'm gonna create right now for you
alright and putting it a little bit of a
sunflower oil here now I'm not using
sesame oil a little bit too strong we're
gonna be using that later anyway for the
dressing oriental flavors ginger garlic
the old chili it's all about the garlic
the ginger these everything's in there
once you start sweating the chiles down
you probably think you oh I could really
smell that the great thing about it is
that that kind of just kind of permeates
its way through the house and they've
gone things oh we're eating oriental
tonight right and then what we're gonna
do right cut that dressing it's going to
use some soy sauce here
that's it give that a good shake and a
couple of teaspoons of soy sauce of
sesame oil a couple of teaspoons of
necessity and then a couple of teaspoons
of white wine vinegar and that's it you
switch the heat off at this stage all
right you're not continuing to bawl that
or anything you're just allowing that to
infuse together and that's beautiful to
see Wow just look at that a beautiful
look at the slit I said open up
beautifully whether you have it
[Music]
lookie lookie lookie lookie lookie at
that baby whoa whoa whoa whoa
[Music]
you